xtick.color: 323034
ytick.color: 323034
text.color: 323034
lines.markeredgecolor: black
patch.facecolor        : bc80bd
patch.linewidth: 0.8
scatter.edgecolors: black
grid.color: b1afb5
axes.titlesize: 10
legend.title_fontsize: 10
xtick.labelsize: 5
ytick.labelsize: 5
axes.labelsize: 10
font.size: 20
mathtext.fontset: stix
font.family: STIXGeneral
lines.linewidth: 1.0
legend.frameon: True
legend.framealpha: 0.8
legend.fontsize: 10
legend.edgecolor: 0.9
legend.borderpad: 0.2
legend.columnspacing: 1.5
legend.labelspacing:  0.4
#text.usetex: True
axes.titlelocation: left
axes.formatter.use_mathtext: True
axes.labelpad: 3
axes.labelcolor: black
axes.edgecolor: black
axes.linewidth: 0.6
axes.spines.right : False
axes.spines.top : False
axes.grid: False
figure.titlesize: 18
figure.dpi: 300
